This will be a flutter+node app to replace a family calendar app that has been disappointing so far and we want to either return the device or replace the software.

Current solution:
    1. Kiosk wallmounted android 10 device, 1080x1920 resolution, developer options and usb debugging enabled
        a. Runs pre-installed eCalendar app that displays monthly calendar that reselmbes google calendar
        b. Limitations of the software are does not display a while month, does not display a split month, does not consistently diaplay enabled calendars
        c. Access to android settings is acheived
    2. Personal devices and Google Calendar accounts
        a. Mix of iOS and Android phones
        b. Everyone has at least 1 google calendar account, some may have 2 (work and personal)
        c. Display family events in one location on the wall and additionally on their phones


Desired solution:
    1. Display on wall device   
        a. Seven day "columns" and 5 week "rows" fit on screen
        b. Default to current week at top of screen, splitting the month most of the time
        c. Scrollable forward and back, but after a timeout, reverts to default view
        d. Click on a day to reveal day popup with additional details
        e. Read only
        f. Landscape orientation
        g. load via adb sideload
    2. On phones
        a. Similar calendar view but optimized for portrait/mobile view, click to view day
        b. Add own google account to family set by giving permissions
        c. Color code each calendar and give nickname (like "Dad","Mom","Cody")
        d. Load via firebase App Distro
    3. Node server
        a. on "bering-dev" in Oregon
        b. pm2 once developed
        c. Node 24
        d. Postgres available if needed
        e. Simple security /password login with logn lasting tokens
        f. Not on any stores, distributed within the family

Resources already setup:
    1. bering-dev linux server with node 24 and Postgres
    2. Phones and wall mounted Kiosk
    3. Google accounts with calendars set up